---
client_id: 213466096718708737
pagename: 'Mantaro'
description: 'Customizable music and fun bot with games, currency, and a lot to offer!'
avatar: 'https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/213466096718708737/1dbce9ca83454e761bdb6a482354f8c0.jpg'
link: 'https://is.gd/mantaro'
prefix: '~>'
---
  <link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>
<style>
    body {
      font-family: 'Roboto', sans-serif;
    }
		.doublelist {
			list-style-type: none;
			list-style-position: inside;
			columns: 2;
			-webkit-columns: 2;
			-moz-columns: 2;
		}

		code {
			background-color: #
f9f9f9 !important;
			color: #222 !important;
			border-radius: 5px;
		}
		
		a:link, a:visited, a:hover {
		
		}
</style>
	<center>
	<h3>Currency, Anime, Music, Moderation, Games, osu! and everything you might want in a customizable and stable Discord™️ bot</h3>
		<h3>Customizable welcome messages, 100% clear music, Action (emotion) commands and a wholesome currency system with Items, Achievements, Mining and way more!</h3>
	<br>
	<h2>Main Features</h2>
	<div>
		<ul style="list-style-type: none;">
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Make your chat funnier with <code>~>greet</code>, <code>~>pat</code> or <code>~>hug</code>!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Play Music! (<code>~>play</code>, <code>~>queue</code>, <code>~>np</code>)</li>
<li style = "margin: 10px;">Play games!
 (<code>~>game pokemon</code>, <code>~>game number</code>, <code>~>trivia</code>, <code>~>game character</code> and more!)</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Check <b>osu!</b> player scores and informations about a player using <code>~>osustats</code>!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Create your own Custom Commands with <code>~>custom</code>!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Check the Weather from everywhere with the <code>~>weather</code> command.</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Play a simulated Currency system with the Currency commands! (Use <code>~>profile</code> to start)</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Don't forget the birthdays! Use the <code>~>birthday</code> and I'll remind! (If the server owner configures the birthday announcr)</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Configure my +55 options with <code>~>opts</code>.</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;">Search the Urban Dictionary!(<code>~>urban</code>)</li>
		</ul>
	</div>
	<hr>
	<h2>Some more features (with more to discover!)</h2>
	<div>
		<ul class="doublelist" style="list-style-type: none;">
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Action Commands (<code>bite bloodsuck cuddle facedesk greet highfive hug kiss lewd meow nom nuzzle pat poke pout slap smile stare teehee tickle tsundere</code>):</b><br>Add anime GIF actions to your conversation and make them funnier!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Music Commands (<code>play queue np skip shuffle repeat volume removetracforceplay forceskip move np pause play queue removetrack repeat restartsong rewind shuffle skip skipahead stop volume</code>):</b><br>First class music with no delay or loss!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Custom Commands (<code>custom</code>):</b><br>Use your creativity to the limit!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Anime Commands (<code>anime character</code>):</b><br>Find information about your favorite animes and characters.</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Currency Commands (<code>badges balance daily gamble inventory itemtransfer leaderboard loot market mine opencrate profile rep slots transfer</code>):</b><br>A simulated currency system in Mantaro. Be one of the richest people in the global position and enjoy mining, looting and achievements!</li>
			<li style = "margin: 10px;"><b>Other Commands :</b><br><code>8ball game trivia about avatar ban remindme birthday dice</code><br><code>dictionary guildinfo help kick konachan math misc</code><br><code>opts osustats ping iam iamnot prune coinflip choose quote randomfact stats</code><br><code>time translate urban userinfo weather yandere danbooru rule34 mute unmute dictionary</code><br><b>With many more to discover!</b></li>
		</ul>
	</div>
	<hr>
<!--
This data was imported from ls.terminal.ink
-->
