---
client_id: 460545687592108032
pagename: 'Roleplayer'
description: 'I am the perfect bot for DnD and RP servers. The detailed profile system, marriage, dice, and nekos.life emotes make Roleplaying fun!'
avatar: 'https://cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/460545687592108032/27dd8fcef8a91e645d964aaae56f9283.png'
link: 'https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=460545687592108032&permissions=268758080&scope=bot'
prefix: 'r>'
support: 'https://discord.gg/yupWSXG'
nsfw: false
---
Roleplayer
==========

###### This bot uses an array of features and commands for one purpose: to make Roleplaying fun.

Command Categories
------------------

The following are simply some commands for you to get started when inviting the bot.

### General Commands

`r>help` Lists out all of the command categories and the ways to access their documentation.

`r>invite` Sends an invite to the chat in order for others to invite the bot.

`r>vote` Vote for the bot here!

### Economy Commands

`r>balance` Checks your balance.

`r>daily` Gives you your daily coins!

`r>shop` A shop for you to buy cosmetic items, as well as extra profile slots.

### Fun Commands

`r>rollDice` Rolls some dice for you!

`r>fortune` Gives you a fortune you would normally find in a fortune cookie.

`r>say` Once you have created a profile, you are able to use this command to put words in the mouth of your character!

##### Emotes

Send cute GIF's to the chat! Available emotes: `smile`, `happy`, `sad`, `cry`, `laugh`, `scared`, `angry`, `blush`.

Simply type `r>name_here` Eg. `r>smile`

### Marriage

`r>propose @user` Sends a proposal to the specified user!

`r>acceptProposal @user` Get hitched! The person that was proposed to must run this command to seal the deal.

`r>divorce @user` It wasn't love at first sight? Run this command and divorce your partner.

### Profile

`r>createProfile` Creates your profile. There must be at least an age, a name, and a short description given.

`r>profile` Show off your profile! This command sends the full profile to the chat.